Kathy: There is no way that I
could have completed my degree.
If I had to go in person and do
traditional classrooms. I was
able to work late at night or
get up early and my teachers
were so accessible. But I did
have to overcome the nervousness
of going back wondering if I
could actually do it. The
faculty and staff at
Madisonville were a big asset to
me. My name is Kathy Markham. I
attended Madisonville Community
College and the program I took
was Paralegal Technology.
Apparently goal is a person that
is supports a practicing
attorney, I can do all the
research, I can write the
papers, I can do the legal work,
anything that an attorney needs.
I was already a legal assistant
for about two years. And I
wanted to continue my
opportunities to get more money
and to advance my career. So
that's why I sought out the
paralegal program. I chose the
online program because of its
flexibility. I could use the
time that I had, whether it be
late at night or early in the
morning to complete my
assignments. I thought that
being an online student was
perfect for someone with my
schedule. As an online student,
I also had access with my
advisor on a regular basis, and
they made sure that I was on
point to graduate. It is true. I
was named Student Of The Year of
Madisonville Community College.
But I was very surprised it was
rewarding. Humbly I received it
of course, with much gratitude,
but that award only came because
of the faculty and staff support
I received well laughs does
sometimes throw you a curveball.
So in my last semester I was
diagnosed with breast cancer.
And in the late part of a
January I had to have the
surgery and both breast and have
reconstruction. Well, I would
have thought that I've just have
to stop all all my classes and
stop my progress and that I
would not get to graduate with
my class how ever the faculty
and staff are the reason I was
able to complete my degree on
time. I work at a law firm in
Kentucky now that I completed my
degree on my title switch from
legal assistant to a paralegal
and also got a pay increase
which is wonderful. If I want to
give advice to anyone that wants
to take online classes at
Madisonville, I would say do it
without hesitation